{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil       \fcharset0\fprq0 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss     \fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss     \fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Black;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\sb0\sa0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal;}{\s1 \sb280\sa140\f3\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext1 Heading 1;}{\s2 \sb120\sa120\b\f2\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext2 Heading 2;}{\s3 \sb120\sa120\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext3 Heading 3;}{\s62 \qc\sb0\sa960\f3\fs48 
\sbasedon0\snext62 Title;}{\s75 \sb0\sa0\tqdec\tx0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext75 Table Text;}{\s76 \sb0\sa0\tx360\fi-360\li360\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext76 Outline Numbering;}{\s77 \sb0\sa0\tx360\fi-360\li360\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext77 Number List;}{
\s78 \sb0\sa0\fi720\li0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext78 First Line Indent;}{\s79 \sb0\sa0\tx360\fi-360\li360\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext79 Bullet 2;}{\s80 \sb0\sa0\tx360\fi-360\li360\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext80 Bullet 1;}{\s81 \sb0\sa0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext81 Body Single
;}{\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext82 Default Text;}}{\info{\author Jon Saxton}}\widowctrl \fet2


















\sectd \marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\headery648\footery648\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 XTR}{\fs24 CT}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 COMPR}{\fs24  - Version 1.2 - }{\fs24 
4th July }{\fs24 1998}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Copyright 1997, 1998 by Alan B. }{\fs24 Arnett}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Contact:}{\fs24   Jon }{\fs24 Saxton}{\fs24  }{\fs24 <js}{\fs24 @triton.vg}{\fs24 >
}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul Table of Contents}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
1. Description}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 2. Special Notes and Restrictions}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 3. General Notes}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 4. Program Oper}{\fs24 
ation and Usage}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 5. Future Considerations}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 6. Program history}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 7. Credits and }{\fs24 Appreciations}{\fs24 
\par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 8. Package contents}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 9. Copyright and Disclaimers}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 1. Description}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 The }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  programs work with }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 diskette image files associated with the IBM programs, }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 LOADDSKF.}{\fs24  (See notes below for a brief exp}{\fs24 lanation of the }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24  utilities.)}{\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  extracts the original files from }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files into a }{\fs24 subdirectory,}{\fs24 
 avoiding the need to recreate diskettes. This is useful if the desire is to copy the original files onto a hard drive without creating intermediate diskettes.  One of t}{\fs24 he major purposes for }{\fs24 DS}{\fs24 KXTRCT}{\fs24 
 is to create a hard drive }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  directly from IBM }{\fs24 fixpak}{\fs24  }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files that can be used to apply the }{\fs24 fixpak,}{\fs24  bypassing the creation of diskettes.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  compares the files in }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files to a target }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  or diskette. This is useful for verifying that }{\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24 
 correctly created the diskette.  The compare of a }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file to a dis}{\fs24 kette is a case where }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  fills a need not satisfied by }{\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 2. Special Notes and Restrictions}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Dupli}{\fs24 cate }{\fs24 CSF_DSK}{\fs24 
 files (and other files) with }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 XTR}{\fs24 CT:}{\fs24  When using }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  to create a single directory from multiple }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 files, duplicate files will not be replaced without the user's permission, either by command line option or screen prompt.  Be aware that IBM }{\fs24 fixp}{\fs24 ak}{\fs24 
 diskette images frequently contain a file identifying the diskette name and number.  This file may be named the same on each diskette image, as an example:}{\fs24  }{\fs24 "}{\fs24 CSF_DISK"}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 
  If one of the command options to replace or skip all duplicates is not used, the user will be prompted for each attempt to replace this file.  The user may respond to each duplicate file, or at anytime, choose to replace or skip any further duplicate files.  Note that in the creation of a 
}{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  for }{\fs24 fixpak}{\fs24  files, }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  emulates the process of creating diskettes and then performing an }{\fs24 XCOPY}{\fs24  to a }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  with the '/s' parameter in which all needed 
}{\fs24 subdirectories}{\fs24  would be created and any duplicate files would be overwritten.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Duplicate }{\fs24 CSF_DSK}{\fs24  files (and other files) with }{
\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24 :}{\fs24  When using }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  to compare multiple }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files to a single direc}{\fs24 
tory, duplicate files that have been replaced or skipped will show as errors.  These mismatched files may not be a concern if the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files are IBM }{\fs24 fixpak}{\fs24  files.  See the above description of "Duplicate }{\fs24 CSF_DISK}{
\fs24  files with }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 XTRCT".}{\fs24  }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 While }{\fs24 DS}{\fs24 KXTRCT}{\fs24  can extract the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 files to a diskette, this is individual file level operation}{\fs24 .  Any diskette internal data such as boot records, reserved fields or ot}{\fs24 her nonstandard diskette attributes not directly contained within a normal file will not be handled.  }{
\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24  is better/faster/safer for creating diskettes.  Once the diskette has been recreated, }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  can be used to verify that the individual files have been created correctly.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 3. General Notes}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  was wr}{\fs24 itten to ful}{\fs24 
fill two needs.  First, to eliminate the need to create diskettes from IBM }{\fs24 fixpak}{\fs24  }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files.  With }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT,}{\fs24  a }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  containing the original files can be created directly from the }{
\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files and the SERVICE process then can be changed to use this }{\fs24 subdirectory.}{\fs24   Second, to enable the storage of produc}{\fs24 t diskette backups on large storage media such as ZIP or }{\fs24 SYQUEST}{\fs24 
 drives using the }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  program and still have access to the original files when needed without having to recreate the diskettes.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{
\fs24  }{\fs24 cannot }{\fs24 process a }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file that has been created by }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  using the compression option.  This doesn't seem to be a serious restriction as all the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 files currently distributed by IBM are created in a non-compressed format.  This restriction should be kept in mind if the user wants to use }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  to create personal }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files from diskettes.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 While }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  }{\fs24 verif}{\fs24 ifies}{\fs24  the checksum data stored in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file, the checksum is only a 32 bit sum of every 16 bits in the }{
\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file and some double or triple bit errors may not be detected.  This is a limitation of the checksum stored on the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 file.  Furthermore, there is only one checksum for the entire diskette image, so there is no way to determine which files in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file are corrupted}{\fs24 .  The }{\fs24 /CRCX}{\fs24  flag allows the processing of the }{\fs24 DSK}{
\fs24  file to ignore the checksum error, but this is very risky and is not recommended.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 IBM utilities }{\fs24 SAVEDS}{\fs24 KF}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 LOADDSKF:}{
\fs24  IBM uses these two utilities for handling correction and device driver diskettes made available for the users of many of their products. }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24 
 reads a diskette and creates a single file with all the information needed to recreate an exact copy of the original diskette. }{\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24  is used to recreate a diskette from the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files. This }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF/LOADDSKF}{
\fs24  process allows an entire diskette image to be transferred electronically and recreated by the recipient. These utilities can be found on many web sites or bulletin boards}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 4. Program Operation and Usage}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
The source parameter is required for all operations, and the target parameter is required for extract operations, but not for 'view file list' and 'checksum only'}{\fs24 
. The other parameters are optional. 'View file list' and 'checksum only' disable the extract and compare operations, but they may be specified together.  If file replace or skipping parameters are not provided on the command line, the user will be prompted as needed. Parameters may be specified in any order and are not case sensitive.
}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Two ge}{\fs24 neral command }{\fs24 syntax}{\fs24 es}{\fs24  are provided}{\fs24 , t}{\fs24 
he first for normal operation, and the second for viewing a list of files contained in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files and/or performing checksum verification of the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /s:<mask>}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /t:<sdir>}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/l:<file>}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [m:<mode>]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/ra}{\fs24 |}{\fs24 /}{\fs24 rn}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/lr}
{\fs24 |}{\fs24 /}{\fs24 ls|/la}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  [/c] [/q] }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab\tab\tab}{\fs24 [/crc}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/crcx]}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  }{
\fs24 /s:<mask>}{\fs24  /v }{\fs24 [/l:<file>}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [m:<mode>]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/lr}{\fs24 |}{\fs24 /}{\fs24 ls|/la}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  [/c] [/q] }{\fs24 [/crc}{\fs24 ]}{\fs24  }{\fs24 [/crcx]}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {
\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /s:<source}{\fs24  file name or mask> - (required) the source file name or mask of the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 diskette image files to be extracted. If a mask is used, the specific directory supplied will be searched and each }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  image file found will be processed, but no }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24 
 trees will be searched to find more mask files.  The mask needs to be restrictive enough to bypass }{\fs24 non-DSK}{\fs24  files, as these will cause errors and possible program termination.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 
Example: }{\fs24 "/s:c}{\fs24 :}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 storage}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 os2warp4}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 xrm005}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 *.?dk"}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /t:<target}{\fs24 
 directory or drive> - (required for extract operations, but not for 'view file list' or 'checksum testing' operations) the target directory or diskette drive for processing. During extract processing, this }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24 
 and any additional }{\fs24 subdirectories}{\fs24  will be created if they do not already exist. To extract files to the current directory, use "/t:.", but note that any applicable }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  structure defined in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 
 file will still be created.  }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 Example: }{\fs24 "/t:c}{\fs24 :}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 temp}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 xr}{\fs24 _}{\fs24 m005"}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /l:<log}{\fs24  file name> - (optional) over}{\fs24 rides the default log file name and may spe}{\fs24 cify a full drive and path quali}{\fs24 fication.  The default log file names are }{\fs24 dskxtrct}{\fs24 .log}{
\fs24  and }{\fs24 dskcompr.log}{\fs24  and are created in the current directory at the time the program is invoked.  Note this can cause an error if the pr}{\fs24 ogram is invoked while the current directory is set to a CD}{\fs24 
-ROM or a network drive to which the user is unable to write.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 Example: }{\fs24 "}{\fs24 /}{\fs24 l:}{\fs24 c:}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 temp}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 xrm005}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 mylog.log"}{\fs24 
\par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /}{\fs24 m:}{\fs24 <message}{\fs24  level> - (optional) sets control for message output. Message levels include:}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
     NONE - suppress all messages except errors and warnings}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      STD - print normal messages (default)}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
     FILES - print the names and file sizes of indiv}{\fs24 idual fil}{\fs24 es as they are created or compared.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab}{\fs24 Example: }{\fs24 "/m:files"}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
\par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /c - (optional) lists any comments contained in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
/v - (optional) generates a list of file names and sizes instead of creating files}{\fs24 . The target parameter is unnec}{\fs24 essary when using this parameter and is ignored if provided.  This parameter provides the same operation in both }{\fs24 
DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /lr}{\fs24  - (optional) replace the log file if a duplicate is found.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
\par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /la - (optional) append to the log file if a duplicate is found.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /ls}{\fs24 
 - (optional) skip writing to the log file if a duplicate is found.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
/q - (optional) quiet mode, bypass writing messages to the screen, if the log file is successfully being used.  This parameter has no effect if }{\fs24 '/ls'}{\fs24  is used or if 'skip' was specified to a 'replace log file' prompt.}{\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /ra}{\fs24  - (optional) replace ALL duplicate files found by }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  in the target }{\fs24 su}{\fs24 bdirectory}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /rn}{\fs24  - (optional) replace NO duplicate files found by }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  in the target }{\fs24 su}{\fs24 bdirectory}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {
\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 /crc}{\fs24 
 - (optional) perform only checksum testing bypassing extract or compare.  Note that checksum testing is done by default. This parameter provides the option of performing only the checksum testing.  The target parameter is unnec}{\fs24 
essary when using this parameter and is ignored if provided.  This parameter provides the same operation in both }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
/crcx}{\fs24  - (optional) ignore any checksum errors during extract and compare and process all }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files even if a checksum error is detected.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
A return code is used at program completion to indicate the results of processing and can be tested in command files (messages should indicate the cause}{\fs24  of any warnings or errors)}{\fs24 :}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      0 - successful completion.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      4 - some minor error(s) occurred, }{\fs24 ie,}{\fs24  a }{\fs24 subdirectory}{\fs24  wasn't found during compare.}{\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      8 - a serious but non-terminal error occurred, }{\fs24 ie,}{\fs24  a file was not created or did n}{\fs24 ot compare.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      16 - a terminal error occurred, }{
\fs24 ie,}{\fs24  an invalid parameter, or a system error.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Examples of program execution:}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24      }{\fs24 d}{\fs24 skxtrct}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /s:}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 fixpacks}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 xr_m005.?dk}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /t:}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 temp}{\fs24 \\}{\fs24 xrm}{\fs24 005}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /ra}{\fs24  }{\fs24 /m:file}{\fs24  
}{\fs24 /lr}{\fs24  }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 5. Future considerations}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 While I will entertain suggestions or comments on th}{\fs24 i}{\fs24 s program, I do not provide any assurances that I will enhance or correct }{\fs24 i}{\fs24 t}{\fs24 
 in the future.  This project is done as a hobby and for fun.  Having said that, the following list contains points I am considering working on if and when the time and the mood present themselves.  But I do use th}{\fs24 is}{\fs24 
 program myself, and do want to make some of the enhancements listed below.  The list is not ordered in any strict prio}{\fs24 rity, but }{\fs24 
my favorite enhancements are at the beginning.  I will entertain suggestions on the priority of these items and for other items, but again I reserve the final right to decide what, if anything, gets done and when.  Let me know if you found these programs useful
}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - allow an initial checksum pass of all input files, continuing to extract and/or compare only if all files pass checksum verification.}{\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add support for parameters to be input from a parameter file.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
- build a GUI front end for program invocation.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
- add message id numbers to all messages and create in index of messages in the documentation to fully explain the meaning of each message.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
- add internal logic control to better control program termination under non-critical conditions and add options to control the sensitivity of program termination to different error levels}{\fs24 .}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - improve }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file detection logic to allow skipping of }{\fs24 non-DSK}{\fs24  files found by source file mask.  }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add a }{\fs24 /fixpak}{\fs24  parameter to automate the handling of duplicate }{\fs24 "CSF}{\fs24 _DISK}{\fs24 "}{\fs24  files and possibly override some of the defaults for this specific condition.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add file selection by name or mask of files to be extracted from the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add to the 'replace/skip' file prompts the option to specify a different file name or location.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
- report skipped and/or replaced files separately from other FILE level messages.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 
- add the option to make the default log file location the target directory rather than the current directory. This can be done now by specifying a fully qualified log file name.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add the option to suppress creation of }{\fs24 subdirectories}{\fs24  defined in the }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  file so all files are extracted into the target directory.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 - add support for compressed }{\fs24 DSK}{\fs24  files.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 
6. Program history}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Version 1.2 \tab}{\fs24 - added checksum verification and messages.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \tab\tab}{\fs24 
- added return code message.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Version 1.1 \tab}{\fs24 - corrected/refined code based on feedback from beta testing.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 
{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 Version 1.0 \tab}{\fs24 - beta testing version.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 
7. Credits and }{\fs24\ul appreciations}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 I want to express my appreciation to Frank }{\fs24 McKenney}{\fs24 
 for his testing and for his extensive and valuable suggestions.   Frank's postings also gave me the idea for the compare program}{\fs24 .  I also want to thank my brother Steve }{\fs24 Arnett}{\fs24  for his encouragement and in}{\fs24 itial testing}{
\fs24 . }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 8. Package contents}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 This package contains 2 files:}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKXTRCT.EXE}{\fs24  - the extraction program}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSK}{\fs24 XTRCT.TXT}{\fs24 
 - this documentation file}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24\ul 9. Copyright and disclaimers}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}

\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 The }{\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 DSKCOMPR}{\fs24  programs are }{\fs24 freeware.}{\fs24 
  The author retains the copyright to these programs, but you are free to use them with the only restrictions that you not reverse engineer them. Furthermore, you are free to distribute them to anyone else, as long as all files contained in the package are kept intact and unmo
}{\fs24 dified and any charge is only for copying and distribution. }{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 DSKXTRCT}{\fs24 
 is provided as is.  No warranties or guaranties, either expressed or implied, are provided that this program will function as intended.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 T}{\fs24 he programs }
{\fs24 LOADDSKF}{\fs24  and }{\fs24 SAVEDSKF}{\fs24  are copyrighted by I}{\fs24 BM.}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain 
\s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 (PLEASE DO NOT DISTRIBUTE ANY BETA FILES YOU MAY FIND ON BULLETIN BOARDS, CONTACT THE AUTHOR FOR THE LATEST PRODUCTION CODE.)}{\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par}
\pard\plain \s82 \sb0\sa0\fs24 {\fs24 \par
\par}}